---
layout: post
title: Natures of pokemons
subtitle: Which nature/natures determines the usaage rate of Pokemons?
cover-img: /assets/img/background_nature.png
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/OU_thumb.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [intro]
---

In the battle, we definitely want to have Each Pokémon has its own 6 basic natures: HP, Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense and Speed.  

Pokémon Battle is a popular game that involves players using virtual creatures called "Pokémon" to battle against each other. The game is based on the Pokémon franchise, which was created by Nintendo in 1996.

In a Pokémon Battle, each player chooses a team of Pokémon to use in battle. The objective is to defeat all of the opponent's Pokémon by using various attacks and strategies to weaken their health points (HP). When a Pokémon's HP reaches zero, it faints and is no longer able to battle. Players take turns to select actions for their Pokémon, such as using moves, switching out to a different Pokémon and surrender. Each Pokémon has its own 6 basic **natures**: HP, Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense and Speed. It is obivious to believe that a pokemon with higher natures is likely to perform better in the battles. Besides, they also have unique set of **moves** and **abilities**, which can be used strategically to gain an advantage over the opponent. For example, Pokémons with ability _swift swim_ can double its speed in Rain. We want to find the abilities of the most frequently used pokemons.

There are also various **types** of Pokémon, each with its own strengths and weaknesses. For example, a Fire-type Pokémon might be weak against Water-type attacks, while a Water-type Pokémon might be weak against Electric-type attacks. Understanding these type matchups is important for developing effective battle strategies.In this project, we need to find every type's strengths and weaknesses and find which one is the best type.



